how are their everybody and welcome to
another Mega Drive episode today I am
just doing a simple side-by-side audio
comparison between this high definition
graphics stereo seon model one Mega
drive/genesis completely modified to
perfection I'm gonna I'm gonna do the
audio of that against my special
Japanese Mega drive/genesis model to
console audio I'm gonna put them
together I'm gonna fire up both consoles
simultaneously with the exact same game
it's going to be Sonic 1 I'm gonna plug
one audio jack into the stereo from this
one and I'm going to plug one audio jack
in from that one into the stereo so
it'll be one-on-one and it will be the
exact same song from the exact same game
and you're going to hear the difference
now I did a video like this a long time
ago where I used the game lemmings which
is a prime example of how the audio is
better through them all - this time I'm
going to do Sonic the Hedgehog and
you're going to hear for yourself the
difference okay this is this is just
very very good morale this it's got
everything one okay
you hateful you hear the difference for
yourselves alright this is very good
and you tell me which one sounds better